This repository contains various documents related to the Bancor protocol. The documents represent working documents and are presented on an as-is basis. Many of those documents have been automatically generated, and all documents may contain errors. Bancor has made these documents available as-is in the interest of transparency and without any representation that the content has been vetted for accuracy, or that it is accurate or suitable for any particular purpose. Any user of any of these documents must understand that they do so at their own risk, and that they should independently verify the information using the relevant blockchain’s data and not rely on these documents in making any decisions. Under no circumstances is the publisher of these documents or any Bancor contributor or community member liable for any losses that may arise from using the information provided. None of the information contained in any of the documents in this repository is or should be considered investment advice.

All reports are copyrighted by Bprotocol Foundation (sometimes referred to for simplicity as “Bancor”) and all rights are retained. If reports or parts of the reports are shared publicly, the Canonical Source of the report must be cited. In this context, the term Canonical Source either refers to the address of the repository ([github.com/bancorprotocol/economic-analysis/][url]) or a deep link to the relevant file within the directory.

[url]:https://github.com/bancorprotocol/economic-analysis/